Add policy on Ruby versions for Rubygems (#3771)
alphagov/govuk-developer-docs: source/manual/publishing-a-ruby-gem.html.md

for an example.

## Ruby version compatibility

Our policy is that our Ruby gems are compatible with all [currently supported
minor versions of Ruby][supported-rubies]. For example, in November 2022, There
are supported Ruby releases of 2.7, 3.0 and 3.1, thus we expect gems to be
compatible with each of those and be tested against them (there is
[documentation][testing-gems] on the approach to test them).

We specify the minimum Ruby version supported in the [gemspec file][gemspec-ruby-version]
and expect the `.ruby-version` to match that version. For example, if Ruby 2.7
is the oldest supported minor version we expect gems to require Ruby 2.7 or
greater and the `.ruby-version` file to reference the most recent Ruby 2.7
release (which in November 2022 is 2.7.6).

When new minor versions of Ruby are released (typically each Christmas) we
update gems to test against the new version. For example, when Ruby 3.2
is released our gem test matrices should be expanded to test against Ruby 3.2.

When Ruby versions reach end-of-life (typically April) we update gems
to drop support for that Ruby version and update the `.ruby-version` files to

> the newest version. For example, when Ruby 2.7 reaches end of life, we drop 2.7

Reviewer: "newest" seems the wrong choice of word here, as that would imply Ruby 3.1:

```suggestion
the next supported version. For example, when Ruby 2.7 reaches end of life, we drop 2.7
```

Author: Thanks, good catch. It's rather tricky describing how should take the newest release from the oldest supported branch.
